Yes, all of this was prepared by our young master for Miss Su.
You have an opinion.
It's okay.
The party boy arranged for him to be satisfied.
These are all arranged by you.
How can I rob alone?
There's a girl from Ha Tuan.
This young man is not doing much.
I did it all.
Anyway, the young master said.
Buddha and others are crushed
You have to arrange in place.
Hey, I'm leaving.
These two boys.
Do you work for the young man?
You are obviously going to let the young master talk later.
You understand the stupidity of Xiao Ye, right?
Master rest assured.
He didn't have a penny of a chance.
Hum, only this one is yours.
Monkey Cheeks Pointed Mouth
Bald in the blink of an eye, mouse eyes missed the sky.
Cheap mouth debt
People who hate dogs.
Put the slap on your forehead.
Squeeze death into your teeth.
Let us see you as worthy.
Dragon King
Let go, this place is all popular among boarding students.
Doing it now will harm our future plans.
That's how you do business, isn't it?
We Ye Shao painstakingly prepared for Miss Su s birthday party you just cut off Ho.
I see your hotel doesn't want to open anymore, right?